clarify_admontions: Added clarifications for the different admonition types (#129)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/style_guidelines/general-formatting.adoc

Valid admonition types:

> NOTE:: Additional information of which users should be aware, but ignoring it does not impact product usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE:: Additional information such as product performance, configuration, or support. However, ignoring the note does not impact product usage.
```

Author: Fixed.

> NOTE:: Additional information that adds something to the content, but if you breeze past it, nothing will break.

Author: > **Note** is the general category that includes standard notes, attention, CAUTION and DANGER notices, as per The IBM Style Guide seen below (page 179, 2020):
> 
> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43811485/138297258-7b51b48d-b122-40d8-ae60-6ee5519237db.png)
> 
> How about adding a summary of these note types and redirecting content creators to TISG?

@porueesq We are actually providing information that supplements the IBM style guide. We do not want to use what it says in the IBM style guide. We don't use CAUTION, and certainly not DANGER. We really _should_ use CAUTION, but legacy tooling issues prevent it, so we use WARNING instead. I hope this changes in the future, if it does, then my definition here for WARNING will instead apply to CAUTION.

> NOTE:: Additional information, such as product performance, configuration, or support. Ignoring this information does not impact product usage.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if "Ignoring this information does not impact product usage" is always necessarily going to be true. I'd suggest to remove this sentence.

IMPORTANT:: Considerations that you should not ignore.
WARNING:: Ignoring this information can cause system damage or a support-related issue.

> TIP:: Additional information that can help make things easier or more productive for you.

Reviewer 3: This suggestion is to change the 'you' to 'users' because this is advice for the content creators.
Also suggesting:

- to change 'things' to 'processes'
- to remove the 'help' because it's fluffy:  #minimalism :-) 

TIP:: Additional information that can make processes easier or more productive for users.

Author: I edited this based on comments in chat.

> WARNING:: Ignoring this information can cause system damage, data loss, or a support-related issue. Explain the problem, cause, and offer a solution that works. If available, offer information to avoid the problem in the future or state where to find more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING:: Ignoring this information causes system damage, data loss, or a support-related issue. Explain the problem, cause, and offer a solution that works. If available, offer information to avoid the problem in the future or state where to find more information.
```

`can` might refer to possibility or permission. Better to remove inaccurate terms.

> TIP:: Makes applying the techniques and procedures described in the text easier or targets specific needs. A tip suggests alternative methods that might not be obvious, and helps users understand the benefits and capabilities of the product. A tip is not essential to using the product.

Reviewer: To keep a consistent approach as the previous definitions. Besides, the text is redundant.

Valid admonition types:

> NOTE:: Additional information, such as product performance, configuration, or support. Ignoring this information does not impact product usage.

Reviewer 4: I've read this several times, and it looks like an incomplete thought. What is the information telling you about product performance, configuration, or support?
Trying to blend some ideas from IBM Style and this info...how about:
Additional information that provides guidance or advice that could improve product configuration, performance, or supportability. & etc.
